peace meeting with the European leaders. Wilson’s ideals are motivating and virtuous, and the world was depending on him to help them recover from the tragic war that had just ending while he wrote this document.
The next document is an excerpt from French politician Georges Clemenceau’s book, Grandeur and Misery of Victory. In his book, he details his distaste towards Germany. Clemenceau does not hold back his true feelings about the Germans and how he believes that they started World War I. He states that Germany’s self-obsessive nationalism is what drives their desire to conquer the world (Clemenceau). Clemenceau’s book was written in 1930, just over a decade after the end of World War I, and is not only still relevant to the events of World War I, but it also foreshadows events yet to come in European history.
The next document is by Vladimir Lenin, a Russian Revolutionist, who urges the Russians to revolt and overthrow the government. Lenin uses powerful speech to convince the Russians that it is time to act, and that failure to do so will be their biggest regret. Lenin promises that the revolution will offer “peace, the salvation of Petrograd, salvation from famine…” (Lenin). This document is an obvious piece of fear-mongering propaganda used to convince the country to overthrow the government despite not having a plan for who will take power afterwards.
From an excerpt of Variety, French writer Paul Valery offers his opinions on the end of the Enlightenment, and the beginning of a new era he refers to as “disillusionment” (Paul Valery). Disillusionment refers to the era after World War I, where people were uncertain and afraid of what was to come. Philosophies were shattered and some of the new emerging world leaders seemed to want a new direction. Valery comments on the life of the individual after the war, and how people are “familiar with the universal discomfort, hesitation, apprehension” (Valery).
In Erich Maria Remarque’s All Quiet on the Western Front, a German soldier offers his perspective of the war. His story is set in a hospital with many wounded soldiers, he is wounded as well. The soldier describes the horrific scene of death and gore all around him; he reveals that he is only twenty and that he knows nothing but “despair, death, fear, and fatuous superficiality cast over an abyss of sorrow” (Erich Remarque). He observes that most of the men there are his age as well and that their jobs have been to kill throughout the years in the war. The German soldier struggles to see what his life will be like after the war is over, for himself and his colleagues. He deems his generation the “Lost Generation” because their “knowledge of life is limited to death” (Remarque).
Benito Mussolini contributed an article to the Italian Encyclopedia on his views about Fascism. According to Mussolini, Fascism was the answer to everything in Italy. He believed that Italy should adopt the Fascist agenda in order to improve the country of Italy throughout the twentieth century. Mussolini’s article primarily focuses on why Fascism is good, and why Democracy, Liberalism, and Socialism are wrong and bad. Mussolini argues that a strong nation needs unity, not Individualism. He asserts that individuals should not be the “deciding power”, but rather the state (Benito Mussolini). 
Mein Kampf by Adolf Hitler is a book written about his own beliefs, ideas, and philosophies and how they relate to preserving his vision of a perfect Germany. The first excerpt from this document is about the Primacy of Race. Hitler begins by describing his belief that there are superior and inferior races of humanity, and how these races should not mix with one another because it dilutes the greatness of the superior races. He, of course, believes that the most superior race is the Aryan race and states that “any genetic mixture of Aryan blood with people of a lower quality undermines the culturally superior people” (Adolf Hitler). He goes on to say that this action is what erodes culture and ruins national pride, which is why he believes it is an issue that needs to be addressed.
The next excerpt from Mein Kampf is very specific; it attacks the Jewish community, labeling them as one of the inferior races previously mentioned. Hitler asserts that all the Jewish people have contributed to the world is “spiritual theft”. He argues that they lack creativity and steal cultures, and that they are set out to dilute the blood of German peoples (Hitler). Hitler 